New entra conditional access policy doc's (#1012)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/New-EntraConditionalAccessPolicy.md

```

```Output
Id                                   CreatedDateTime     Description DisplayName ModifiedDateTime State   TemplateId
--                                   ---------------     ----------- ----------- ---------------- -----   ----------
aaaaaaaa-1111-1111-1111-000000000000 16/08/2024 07:29:09             MFA policy                   enabled
```

> This command creates a new conditional access policy in Microsoft Entra ID that requires MFA to access Exchange Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `New-EntraConditionalAccessPolicy` command creates a new conditional access policy in Microsoft Entra ID that requires MFA to access Exchange Online.
```
